Hello.
I'm Dave hollingworth.
Welcome to the course.
And thank you for joining me.
We'll start by looking at how to get the most out of the course throughout the course we'll be writing.
P H.
P. code.
The best way to learn is to follow along by running the code yourself and experimenting with it to see
exactly what it does for this.
You'll need a web server and cold editor installed on your computer will look at how to do that.
Next if you need it all the cold shown in the videos is available to download in the resources section
of each video along with the addresses of any website shown.
I also recommend you complete the quizzes in each section to help reinforce the material covered in
the videos.
And of course if at any time you need help please don't hesitate to ask.
Each video has a question and answer session where you can browse existing questions and answers and
ask your own question.
If you need to be one of my colleagues are even another student will answer your question.
If we can help in any way please let us know.
So if you ready let's get started.
See you in the next video.